---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "frontegg_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-frontegg"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Workspace configuration.
  This is a singleton resource. You must only create one frontegg_workspace resource
  per Frontegg account.
---

# frontegg_workspace (Resource)

Workspace configuration.

This is a singleton resource. You must only create one frontegg_workspace resource
per Frontegg account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "frontegg_workspace" "example" {
  name                = "Your Company"
  country             = "US"
  backend_stack       = "Python"
  frontend_stack      = "React"
  open_saas_installed = false

  frontegg_domain = "blah.frontegg.com"
  allowed_origins = ["https://yourcompany.com"]

  auth_policy {
    allow_unverified_users       = true
    allow_signups                = true
    enable_api_tokens            = true
    enable_roles                 = true
    jwt_algorithm                = "RS256"
    jwt_access_token_expiration  = 86400   # 1 day
    jwt_refresh_token_expiration = 2592000 # 30 days
    same_site_cookie_policy      = "strict"
  }

  mfa_policy {
    allow_remember_device = true
    device_expiration     = 604800 # 7 days
    enforce               = "unless-saml"
  }

  mfa_authentication_app {
    service_name = "Your Company"
  }

  lockout_policy {
    max_attempts = 10
  }

  password_policy {
    allow_passphrases = false
    min_length        = 10
    max_length        = 128
    min_tests         = 2
    min_phrase_length = 6
    history           = 2
  }

  captcha {
    site_key   = "fake-site-key"
    secret_key = "fake-secret-key"
    min_score  = 0.5
  }

  facebook_social_login {
    client_id    = "fake-client-id"
    redirect_url = "fake-redirect-url"
    secret       = "fake-secret"
  }

  github_social_login {
    client_id    = "fake-client-id"
    redirect_url = "fake-redirect-url"
    secret       = "fake-secret"
  }

  google_social_login {
    client_id    = "fake-client-id"
    redirect_url = "fake-redirect-url"
    secret       = "fake-secret"
  }

  microsoft_social_login {
    client_id    = "fake-client-id"
    redirect_url = "fake-redirect-url"
    secret       = "fake-secret"
  }

  saml {
    acs_url      = "https://mycompany.com/saml"
    sp_entity_id = "my-company"
  }

  reset_password_email {
    from_address  = "me@company.com"
    from_name     = "Your Company"
    subject       = "Reset Your Company Password"
    html_template = "<strong>Reset your password! {{redirectURL}}</strong>"
    redirect_url  = "https://yourcompany.com/reset"
  }

  admin_portal {
    enable_account_settings    = false
    enable_api_tokens          = false
    enable_audit_logs          = false
    enable_personal_api_tokens = false
    enable_privacy             = false
    enable_profile             = false
    enable_roles               = false
    enable_security            = false
    enable_sso                 = false
    enable_subscriptions       = false
    enable_usage               = false
    enable_users               = false
    enable_webhooks            = false

    palette {
      success        = "#2ca744"
      info           = "#5587c0"
      warning        = "#ffc107"
      error          = "#e1583e"
      primary        = "#43bb7a"
      primary_text   = "#ffffff"
      secondary      = "#fbfbfc"
      secondary_text = "#3c4a5a"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **admin_portal** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures the admin portal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_portal))
- **allowed_origins** (Set of String) The origins that are allowed to access the workspace.

    This parameter controls the value of the "Origin" header for API responses.
- **auth_policy** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures the general authentication policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth_policy))
- **backend_stack** (String) The backend stack of the application associated with the workspace.
- **country** (String) The country associated with the workspace.
- **frontegg_domain** (String) The domain at which the Frontegg API is served for this workspace.

    The domain must end with ".frontegg.com".
- **frontend_stack** (String) The frontend stack of the application associated with the worksapce.
- **mfa_policy** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures the multi-factor authentication (MFA) policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mfa_policy))
- **name** (String) The name of the workspace.
- **open_saas_installed** (Boolean) Whether the application associated with the workspace has OpenSaaS installed.
- **password_policy** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures the password policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password_policy))

### Optional

- **captcha_policy** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the CAPTCHA policy in the signup form. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--captcha_policy))
- **facebook_social_login** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures social login with Facebook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--facebook_social_login))
- **github_social_login** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures social login with GitHub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--github_social_login))
- **google_social_login** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures social login with Google. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--google_social_login))
- **lockout_policy** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the user lockout policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--lockout_policy))
- **mfa_authentication_app** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the multi-factor authentication (MFA) via an authentication app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mfa_authentication_app))
- **microsoft_social_login** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures social login with Google. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--microsoft_social_login))
- **pwned_password_email** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the pwned password email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pwned_password_email))
- **reset_password_email** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the password reset email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reset_password_email))
- **saml** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures SSO via SAML. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saml))
- **user_activation_email** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the user activation email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_activation_email))
- **user_invitation_email** (Block List, Max: 1) Configures the user invitation email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_invitation_email))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Frontegg's internal ID for the workspace.

<a id="nestedblock--admin_portal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_portal`

Required:

- **enable_account_settings** (Boolean) Enable access to account settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_api_tokens** (Boolean) Enable access to API tokens in the admin portal.
- **enable_audit_logs** (Boolean) Enable access to audit logs in the admin portal.
- **enable_personal_api_tokens** (Boolean) Enable access to personal API tokens in the admin portal.
- **enable_privacy** (Boolean) Enable access to privacy settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_profile** (Boolean) Enable access to profile settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_roles** (Boolean) Enable access to roles and permissions in the admin portal.
- **enable_security** (Boolean) Enable access to security settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_sso** (Boolean) Enable access to SSO settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_subscriptions** (Boolean) Enable access to subscription settings in the admin portal.
- **enable_usage** (Boolean) Enable access to usage information in the admin portal.
- **enable_users** (Boolean) Enable access to user management in the admin portal.
- **enable_webhooks** (Boolean) Enable access to webhooks in the admin portal.
- **palette** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configures the color palette for the admin portal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--admin_portal--palette))

<a id="nestedblock--admin_portal--palette"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_portal.palette`

Required:

- **error** (String) Error color.
- **info** (String) Info color.
- **primary** (String) Primary color.
- **primary_text** (String) Primary text color.
- **secondary** (String) Secondary color.
- **secondary_text** (String) Secondary text color.
- **success** (String) Success color.
- **warning** (String) Warning color.



<a id="nestedblock--auth_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_policy`

Required:

- **allow_signups** (Boolean) Whether users are allowed to sign up.
- **allow_unverified_users** (Boolean) Whether unverified users are allowed to log in.
- **enable_api_tokens** (Boolean) Whether users can create API tokens.
- **enable_roles** (Boolean) Whether granular roles and permissions are enabled.
- **jwt_access_token_expiration** (Number) The expiration time for the JWT access tokens issued by Frontegg.
- **jwt_refresh_token_expiration** (Number) The expiration time for the JWT refresh tokens issued by Frontegg.
- **same_site_cookie_policy** (String) The SameSite policy to use for Frontegg cookies.

	Must be one of "none", "lax", or "strict".

Optional:

- **jwt_algorithm** (String) The algorithm Frontegg uses to sign JWT tokens.

Read-Only:

- **jwt_public_key** (String) The public key that Frontegg uses to sign JWT tokens.


<a id="nestedblock--mfa_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_policy`

Required:

- **allow_remember_device** (Boolean) Allow users to remember their MFA devices.
- **device_expiration** (Number) The number of seconds that MFA devices can be remembered for, if allow_remember_my_device is true.
- **enforce** (String) Whether to force use of MFA.

	Must be one of "off", "on", or "unless-saml".


<a id="nestedblock--password_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_policy`

Required:

- **allow_passphrases** (Boolean)
- **history** (Number) The number of historical passwords to prevent users from reusing. Set to zero to disable.
- **max_length** (Number) The maximum length of a password.
- **min_length** (Number) The minimum length of a password.
- **min_phrase_length** (Number)
- **min_tests** (Number) The minimum number of strength tests the password must meet.


<a id="nestedblock--captcha_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `captcha_policy`

Required:

- **min_score** (Number) The minimum CAPTCHA score to accept. Set to 0.0 to accept all scores.
- **secret_key** (String) The reCAPTCHA secret kye to use.
- **site_key** (String) The reCAPTCHA site key to use.


<a id="nestedblock--facebook_social_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `facebook_social_login`

Required:

- **client_id** (String) The client ID of the Facebook application to authenticate with.
- **redirect_url** (String) The URL to redirect to after a successful authentication.
- **secret** (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the Facebook application.


<a id="nestedblock--github_social_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github_social_login`

Required:

- **client_id** (String) The client ID of the GitHub application to authenticate with.
- **redirect_url** (String) The URL to redirect to after a successful authentication.
- **secret** (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the GitHub application.


<a id="nestedblock--google_social_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `google_social_login`

Required:

- **client_id** (String) The client ID of the Google application to authenticate with.
- **redirect_url** (String) The URL to redirect to after a successful authentication.
- **secret** (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the Google application.


<a id="nestedblock--lockout_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lockout_policy`

Required:

- **max_attempts** (Number) The number of failed attempts after which a user will be locked out.


<a id="nestedblock--mfa_authentication_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_authentication_app`

Required:

- **service_name** (String) The service name to display in the authentication app.


<a id="nestedblock--microsoft_social_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `microsoft_social_login`

Required:

- **client_id** (String) The client ID of the Microsoft application to authenticate with.
- **redirect_url** (String) The URL to redirect to after a successful authentication.
- **secret** (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the Microsoft application.


<a id="nestedblock--pwned_password_email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pwned_password_email`

Required:

- **from_address** (String) The address to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **from_name** (String) The name to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **html_template** (String) The HTML template to use in the email.
- **subject** (String) The subject of the email.

Optional:

- **redirect_url** (String) The redirect URL to use, if applicable.

    Access this value as "\{\{redirectURL\}\}" in the template.


<a id="nestedblock--reset_password_email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reset_password_email`

Required:

- **from_address** (String) The address to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **from_name** (String) The name to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **html_template** (String) The HTML template to use in the email.
- **subject** (String) The subject of the email.

Optional:

- **redirect_url** (String) The redirect URL to use, if applicable.

    Access this value as "\{\{redirectURL\}\}" in the template.


<a id="nestedblock--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Required:

- **acs_url** (String) The ACS URL for the SAML authentication flow.
- **sp_entity_id** (String) The name of the service provider that will be displayed to users.


<a id="nestedblock--user_activation_email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_activation_email`

Required:

- **from_address** (String) The address to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **from_name** (String) The name to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **html_template** (String) The HTML template to use in the email.
- **subject** (String) The subject of the email.

Optional:

- **redirect_url** (String) The redirect URL to use, if applicable.

    Access this value as "\{\{redirectURL\}\}" in the template.


<a id="nestedblock--user_invitation_email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_invitation_email`

Required:

- **from_address** (String) The address to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **from_name** (String) The name to use in the "From" header of the email.
- **html_template** (String) The HTML template to use in the email.
- **subject** (String) The subject of the email.

Optional:

- **redirect_url** (String) The redirect URL to use, if applicable.

    Access this value as "\{\{redirectURL\}\}" in the template.


